hey guys it's phil here from STV sydney
trains lugs and welcome to the final
part of this little series that have
been doing about the abandoned Illawarra
railway there is Helensburgh station in
1915 deviation I was through a little
pen here at the start of the series I
went down this little track here just
next to the carpark and showed you guys
the northern entrance of Helensburgh
tunnel and down this road we see the car
just there just to the right is the
southern entrance or exit whatever you
want to call it to the Helensburgh
tunnel and just to the left of that is
old Helensburgh station and metropolitan
tunnel so I'm going to finish it off
with the current Helensburgh station and
I'll film a few trains there so pretty
much the south coast line has come a
long way since the old railway was
closed 100 years ago I will come back
when I have more sort of professional
equipment like a like you know a very
good expensive torch and a proper video
in camera and I'll do a proper proper
series to this but this time around I
tried my best
I'm just wanted to show you guys some of
the history I'm just walking through the
bus interchange area now
so ever there is the current Helensburgh
platform which is in use funnily enough
and there is a few other tunnels that I
will explore next time
we've got collie tunnel and I'm pretty
sure collie station platform and also
odd furred tunnel which is the Grand
tunnel of the lot I'll end up doing that
when I do their proper series when I
have like more professional equipment
for that which hopefully won't be too
long
so there's a look I know ver look at the
platform sorry if it's hard to hear me I
don't know if it is enough of those
people with skateboards behind me and it
was actually quite loud on my end I
actually made a uh a blooper reel to
deal with this little trip thing had
some wacky ideas and I just wanted to
try them so that will be the next video
uploaded after this one so there's
Helensburgh station two platforms in
island form platform one as usual
towards Sutherland and Sydney platform
two towards Wollongong Port Kembla Kiama
and Nara so yeah I'll just film a few
trains here for you guys
and here's just a pan of the southern
end of the platforms
we're gonna tan gara approaching
platform number one it is a waterfall
service and yes stopping waterfall only
the set is t1
the trailing car is d60 106 this was I'm
pretty sure used for spare parts at some
point after a derailment at Homebush the
carriage that used to take its place was
d 6148 but yeah 60 106 is back on the
set
that was a city trains ballast to train
with GM class something in the middle
and an s-class like a central service
arriving into platform one it is an
eight-car oscar age 26 leading
and h40 trailing anyway guys I'm gonna
write this log up don't forget to give
me a thumbs up subscribe to the channel
and favorite the video thank you all for
watching bye for now